Add instructions on how to copy chunks between data nodes (#169)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/distributed-hypertables/enable-native-replication.md

one node to another, this functionality is experimental and not yet
automated. For production environments, we therefore recommend keeping
the replication factor set at the default value of 1, and instead use
streaming replication on each data node.
</highlight>

Once enabled, native replication happens as part of normal inserts by
writing each row to multiple data nodes, and therefore requires no
additional mechanism for replicating newly inserted data. When
querying, the query planner knows how to include only one replica of
each chunk in the query plan.

## Handling node failures

When a data node fails, queries and inserts that involve the failed
node will fail in order to ensure data consistency until the data node
is fully available again. If the data node cannot be recovered, native
replication allows the node to be deleted from the multi-node cluster
without losing data:

```sql
SELECT delete_data_node('data_node_2', force => true);
WARNING:  distributed hypertable "conditions" is under-replicated
```

Note that it is not possible to force the deletion of a data node if
it would mean that a distributed hypertable would permanently lose
data.

> Once the failed data has been removed, some data chunks will lack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the failed data node has been removed, some data chunks will lack
```

replicas, but queries and inserts should work as normal
again. However, the multi-node cluster remains in a vulnerable state
until all chunks that lack replicas are fully replicated again.

> To view the chunks that need to be replicated use the following query:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the chunks that need to be replicated use this query:
```

```sql
SELECT chunk_schema, chunk_name, replica_nodes, non_replica_nodes 
FROM timescaledb_experimental.chunk_replication_status 
WHERE hypertable_name = 'conditions' AND num_replicas < desired_num_replicas;
     chunk_schema      |      chunk_name       | replica_nodes |     non_replica_nodes
-----------------------+-----------------------+---------------+---------------------------
 _timescaledb_internal | _dist_hyper_1_1_chunk | {data_node_3} | {data_node_1,data_node_2}
 _timescaledb_internal | _dist_hyper_1_3_chunk | {data_node_1} | {data_node_2,data_node_3}
 _timescaledb_internal | _dist_hyper_1_4_chunk | {data_node_3} | {data_node_1,data_node_2}
(3 rows)
```

With the information from the chunk replication status view, an
under-replicated chunk can be copied to a new node to ensure the chunk
has sufficient number of replicas:

```sql
CALL timescaledb_experimental.copy_chunk('_timescaledb_internal._dist_hyper_1_1_chunk', 'data_node_3', 'data_node_2');
```

> The chunk copying happens over several transactions and cannot be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chunk is copied over several transactions and cannot be
```

rolled back automatically. If the copy operation is aborted or
terminated prematurely by the user, an operation ID for the aborted

> copy will be logged. This operation ID can later be used to cleanup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
copy is logged. This operation ID can later be used to clean up
```

Reviewer 3: Is this instantaneously? 
If not (a batch of jobs for example): "will be" is correct.

Reviewer 2: No, don't use future tense.
